this is the ember glowy s5m countertop
sandwich steamer manual pump steamer way
it works is you put your water in there
shut and then pump it such product here
boy stirs fajitas clam sandwiches family
meet melt the cheese vegetables we give
it a few pumps
there's three pumps and you've done
produces a lot of theme she's an
excellent shape I said I sold ten of
these before this is my eleventh one I
rebuild them this one actually came and
this is in great shape is Amber glow
sign is missing which is really isn't
necessary for any purposes except for
the cosmetic of it the stainless steel
has some few little scratches here and
there a couple little dents this is a
wood so your hand doesn't get hot I've
included a rack inside here it comes
with the half slot adapt hands four
inches approximately half pan the inside
where the water steams is this great
shape it's not built up to calcium the
underneath under here this and I've seen
them in the past where they get rusted
out it's in great shape underneath I
rebuilt the lye I took apart the pump
and the valve and I soaked it in vinegar
to remove the calcium that's something
that if you do buy it you would want to
put vinegar in here every so often let
it sit and it went through the pipes so
that clear out any of the build-up
request to use filtered water in here it
takes out the calcium machines in
excellent shape
like I know everything about these
inside and out so if there's ever
question in the future I will be around
this is my business on eBay I have a
store so I'm not not something I I do
I don't I guarantee it
that's what I'm trying to say so this is
the actual machine on eBay let's go
ahead and I said I sell them all for
$2.99
I think that's a good price thank you